be upset when you discuss where we go
mr. you're gonna tell me roller with the
LA to one we're going and we're back all
right we got top four going on for first
time we are going to come and take top
four yeah first time ever if first time
ever hears comic shop and if you look at
our comic shop board up there new modern
tournament starting october 15 ish we're
gonna ask Muncie for details of magic
celebration although Saturday legit
starting it to pack or for free tell you
kids tell your friends tell your kids
friends um winning shut up small child
oh we got we got some stuff going on
turn 1 kosice trickster followed by to
battle gates oh yo Evan everyone can
suck it dig wait you're kidding no no no
no we can say penis we can't say no yeah
because I think I said it is homosexual
male eating you know their description
of the abilities eating a bolt for us
from Bella good what Meridian emissary
Oh beautiful beautiful land from the
architect Blair other commentators
getting a massage back here oh yeah is
lower on top of oats architect from the
Arctic player cultivate from the
delicate player all the weed balls and
weenies for the belkin player all the
witness balls and windows bunch penis
for a dolla that cultivate would have
been nice with Costa tricks are on the
field but met a bolt turn to the
menacing chuckle from the medicine
shuffle he plays no games up in this
work
Jeff buttons dick all over mom I'm come
to do step oh hey yes veena cm how many
times don't have to say let's keep the
human organs to their names vagina a
treasure made some new york tech blue
know which are information go get any
artifact costs six or more not a lot of
choices in New York now I'm not elect
faces the air cannot allow choices
what's going on down there yet still
rubbing his penis although a moment of
course Nighthawks why not we got Huck's
going on down at the other added table
I've got Hawks on Hawks on Hawks I'm
goblins wrong one man oh oh we got our
two other knee yeah that's all we need
lest we forget gulberg today sorcery
speed just saying lest we forget I like
my chicken fried hold on get the assault
I robot a robot innocence gins we go
drop off your cock
car that was the mallet obviously gonna
play some typing OH viridian emissary
Carly will be turned blue car while you
do that when I draw a card reader why
would you do it when he draws card when
he does milky palmitate do so sand
American ya know Gotye standard at what
I do play center okay here we go there
are no elves other girls on the table I
know what's happening okay there's one
yeah that dude knows the nails ball the
elves essentially a dude I know every go
fuck euro per hey what's the quota
Marjorie what's the court emotion no you
can swear you just can't say dick no I
mean dog penis you and say kim's no
can't say we can say fuck but we can't
say yeah yeah you can't say bit what's
doing oh you would we can't say i don't
know i don't understand look at every
dick wait no one good i did not exactly
news richards here you're calling there
we go favorite word what region you
don't exterior damage you're a visitor
yeah it's Nixon's fault he's got someone
can we just call them mixes exiting your
bun yeah i work for West whoa on your
butt yeah good pussy so searching for
that poorest this more that's much a way
what's the moat situation minutes here's
a two away from activating remember guys
mountains have oz and they say see each
other they do love if you need the
explanation on that go back to the
previous comic shop video no one gets it
hey listen here I will fucking
everything they did that's right now
it'll get there why's it always good
mushroom stamps oh all right around is
giving them out
hey Hannah and I don't run a name gives
them that's it Deborah oh its core it's
cute adorable Oh overall battle net from
the developer ok coming count up on time
a situation for the ballot cut vinyl air
not looking good not looking good at all
cotton yeah he's definitely gonna have
to get a prime you up titan out pretty
soon definitely definitely most
definitely most of look out still with
people so it's probably no yeah tower
tower calamities I don't know who puts
towers will have is in their deck but on
but maybe hills called the boomstick
blue I don't even fucking want those
parts anymore its own way we get our
kids look a little bit of shit when you
kick GV became three chef's just leads
is now your sched getting born look at
me leave my shoes I got these at metro
fashion across the street for 699 retro
fashion decatur alabama metro fashion
decatur alabama doing a shout out to my
homies over there but they're a low
black the girls at metro fashion-y very
mother I've been barefoot most of the
day and because I broke my foot flop in
there then I had to run a brush through
your hands that's a little better mr. a
fashion once again across road to go to
well a drop of electronic shop that's
game game one goes architect is